README.md, before:

# SEB Magic Iframe
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe.svg?token=tzrdkWGEu776AVobzRhp&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

## Install with npm
```
npm install @sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe --save
```

## Add to app.modules
```ts
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
import { NgMagicIframeModule } from '@sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    NgMagicIframeModule
  ],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

## Allow synthetic default imports
If you run into the following error: `@types/element-resize-detector/index"' has no default export` you need to allow synthetic default imports as the type definitions for element-resize-detector, which this library depends on, has no default export declared. In `tsconfig.json` in your root project folder, set `allowSyntheticDefaultImports` to true:
```
{
  "compileOnSave": false,
  "compilerOptions": {
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports" : true,
    ...
}
```

## Usage
### Basic
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'"></seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```

### Advanced
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'"
                     [styles]="'body { background: white; }'"
                     [styleUrls]="['/assets/css/external-stylesheet.css', '/assets/css/fonts.css']"
                     [autoResize]="false"
                     [resizeDebounceMillis]="0"
                     (iframeEvent)="foo($event)">
                     <!-- PLACEHOLDER FOR LOADING CONTENT -->
</seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```

## Configuration and options
### @Inputs
|@Input|Description|Default|
|:-----|:-----------|:-------------------|
|source| Path to iframe content source.| n/a |
|styles| Apply/inject inline styles to the iframe (Optional).| n/a |
|styleUrls| Add one or more stylesheets to the iframe, note that the iframe won't be visible until they've loaded (Optional).| n/a |
|autoResize| Auto resize the iframe when the inner content changes height (Optional).| true |
|resizeDebounceMillis| Debounce time in milliseconds for resize event to prevent race condition (Optional).| 50 |
|debug| Output iframe events in console log (Optional).| false |

### @Outputs
|@Output|Description|
|:-----|:-----------|
|iframeEvent| Listen for state changes in iframe, see list of events below.|

### Iframe events
|@Input                           |Description|
|:--------------------------------|:-----------|
| iframe-click                    | Event emitted when element inside iframe has been clicked.
| iframe-keyup                    | Event emitted when keyup event emitted inside iframe.
| iframe-unloaded                 | Event emitted when iframe triggers unload event (url in iframe changes).
| iframe-styles-added             | Emitted when styles have been added.
| iframe-stylesheet-load          | Emitted when external stylesheets start loading.
| iframe-stylesheet-loaded        | Emitted when external stylesheets have finished loading.
| iframe-all-stylesheets-loaded   | Emitted when all external stylesheets have finished loading (only emitted if more than one external stylesheets).
| iframe-loaded                   | Emitted when iframe has finished loading (including optional styles and/or stylesheets).
| iframe-loaded-with-errors       | Emitted when iframe has encountered errors after loading (usually related to CORS and inability to access iframe content).
| iframe-resized                  | Emitted when the iframe changes size.

### Custom content loader
SEB Magic iframe uses content projection together with ng-content to show custom content while the iframe is loading. Simply add your own component or markup like this:
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'">
  <div class="skeleton-loader"></div> <!-- replace with your own code -->
</seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```


## Run locally

* Clone the repository
* Run `npm install`
* Run `npm start` and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

Commit message:

docs: update demo and docs

README.md, after:

# SEB Magic Iframe
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe.svg?token=tzrdkWGEu776AVobzRhp&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)

SEB:s Magic iframe adds responsiveness to iframes as well as the ability to listen to events, override styles and show custom loaders when iframe is loading content (requires that the content is loaded from the same domain). It's available both as an Angular component and as custom web component.

## Install with npm
```
npm install @sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe --save
```

## Add to app.modules
```ts
import { BrowserModule } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';

import { AppComponent } from './app.component';
import { NgMagicIframeModule } from '@sebgroup/ng-magic-iframe';

@NgModule({
  declarations: [
    AppComponent
  ],
  imports: [
    BrowserModule,
    NgMagicIframeModule
  ],
  providers: [],
  bootstrap: [AppComponent]
})
export class AppModule { }
```

## Allow synthetic default imports
If you run into the following error: `@types/element-resize-detector/index"' has no default export` you need to allow synthetic default imports as the type definitions for element-resize-detector, which this library depends on, has no default export declared. In `tsconfig.json` in your root project folder, set `allowSyntheticDefaultImports` to true:
```
{
  "compileOnSave": false,
  "compilerOptions": {
    "allowSyntheticDefaultImports" : true,
    ...
}
```

## Usage
### Basic
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'"></seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```

### Advanced
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'"
                     [styles]="'body { background: white; }'"
                     [styleUrls]="['/assets/css/external-stylesheet.css', '/assets/css/fonts.css']"
                     [autoResize]="false"
                     [resizeDebounceMillis]="0"
                     (iframeEvent)="foo($event)">
                     <!-- PLACEHOLDER FOR LOADING CONTENT -->
</seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```

## Configuration and options
### @Inputs
|@Input (as web component)|Description|Default|
|:-----|:-----------|:-------------------|
|source (source)| Path to iframe content source.| n/a |
|styles (styles)| Apply/inject inline styles to the iframe (Optional).| n/a |
|styleUrls (style-urls)| Add one or more stylesheets to the iframe, note that the iframe won't be visible until they've loaded (Optional).| n/a |
|autoResize (auto-resize)| Auto resize the iframe when the inner content changes height (Optional).| true |
|resizeDebounceMillis (resize-debounce-millis)| Debounce time in milliseconds for resize event to prevent race condition (Optional).| 50 |
|matchContentWidth (match-content-width)| Set width of magic iframe to width of iframe content, useful when iframing fixed width pages (Optional).| false |
|debug (debug)| Output iframe events in console log (Optional).| false |

### @Outputs
|@Output (as web component)|Description|
|:-----|:-----------|
|iframeEvent (iframeEvent)| Listen for state changes in iframe, see list of events below.|

### Iframe events
|@Input                           |Description|
|:--------------------------------|:-----------|
| iframe-click                    | Event emitted when element inside iframe has been clicked.
| iframe-keyup                    | Event emitted when keyup event emitted inside iframe.
| iframe-unloaded                 | Event emitted when iframe triggers unload event (url in iframe changes).
| iframe-styles-added             | Emitted when styles have been added.
| iframe-stylesheet-load          | Emitted when external stylesheets start loading.
| iframe-stylesheet-loaded        | Emitted when external stylesheets have finished loading.
| iframe-all-stylesheets-loaded   | Emitted when all external stylesheets have finished loading (only emitted if more than one external stylesheets).
| iframe-loaded                   | Emitted when iframe has finished loading (including optional styles and/or stylesheets).
| iframe-loaded-with-errors       | Emitted when iframe has encountered errors after loading (usually related to CORS and inability to access iframe content).
| iframe-resized                  | Emitted when the iframe changes size.

### Custom content loader
SEB Magic iframe uses content projection together with ng-content to show custom content while the iframe is loading. Simply add your own component or markup like this:
```html
<seb-ng-magic-iframe [source]="'/assets/first-page.html'">
  <div class="skeleton-loader"></div> <!-- replace with your own code -->
</seb-ng-magic-iframe>
```

## Use without Angular as pure web component

### Install with npm
```
npm install @sebgroup/magic-iframe --save
```

### Using cdn
```
https://unpkg.com/@sebgroup/magic-iframe/js/magic-iframe.js
```


## Run locally

* Clone the repository
* Run `npm install`
* Run `npm start` and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

### To compile and run demo of web components

* Run `npm build`
* Run `build-element`
* Run `npm serve-demo` and navigate to `http://localhost:8000/`.
